# AdsCardResponseYaml

Response containing the payment credential associated with a Visa ADS alias.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accountNumber** | **string** | Account number of the payment instrument. | [default to undefined]
**accountNumberType** | **string** | Type of account number associated with the payment credential. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**billingAddress** | [**AdsBillingAddress**](AdsBillingAddress.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**cardType** | **string** | Type of card associated with the payment credential. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**createdOn** | **string** | Date and time when the payment credential was created. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**currencyCode** | **string** | Three-digit ISO 4217 currency code for the payment credential. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**expirationDate** | **string** | Expiration date of the card. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**externalId** | **string** | External ID of the payment credential, which corresponds to Marqeta’s card token. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**id** | **string** | Unique identifier of the payment credential generated by Alias Directory. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**issuerName** | **string** | Name of the issuer of the payment credential. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**lastFourDigits** | **string** | Last four digits of the card number. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**lastUpdatedOn** | **string** | Date and time when the payment credential was last updated. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**nameOnCard** | **string** | Name on the card associated with the payment credential. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**preferredFor** | [**Array&lt;AdsPreferredFor&gt;**](AdsPreferredFor.md) | Indicates if a payment credential is a preferred Receiving, Sending, or Paying account.  This array is returned if the payment credential is a preferred account. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**status** | **string** | Status of the payment credential. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**type** | **string** | Type of payment credential associated with the Visa Alias. | [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { AdsCardResponseYaml } from './api';

const instance: AdsCardResponseYaml = {
    accountNumber,
    accountNumberType,
    billingAddress,
    cardType,
    createdOn,
    currencyCode,
    expirationDate,
    externalId,
    id,
    issuerName,
    lastFourDigits,
    lastUpdatedOn,
    nameOnCard,
    preferredFor,
    status,
    type,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
